hello dear friends today
Friday which completes the regular
family week today's release
will include news of different games
Developers until yuzgu produces but
no need update at all
become champions if prices
Mordik print tournament with full 2012 passes
one written script
there was another update three
well deep techno vopiik subject
in correcting small banks and and several
interesting innovations
who are developers from us now
departure from the game or the server crashes
will be able to bring down the economy to the players in
mode as 5
we all know that it was a big problem
in the region of Sabine 6 versions of the servers fall
there are still many blackouts of players
various reasons for which interrupted
play and the tournament was dragging us down
very long time
another interesting innovation in
competitive mode is the addition
buttons old ideas which at the beginning of the game
confirms the readiness of the players
now the match will start only when
all these player suits will be ready all these
updates at first glance cool stuff
which so happy dead language
nothing compared to the main problem is
shooting in the game
a and nakhimovtsy
This was written on the site of our information
partners initiative public
more interested in global issues and
third
confess honestly are these players
that help test the game not
sees these obvious things though probably
do not help but helped in this
the country has long passed
I do not know how to call the game
complete if the main technical
moment which is the meaning of the game
not bring to mind and most importantly how
world tournament organizers knowing this
puts the game in his gimp
one time on the Internet went
reasoning questions regarding so
called aram house the course of our spears
to lead such moments as you can see
now called not only delight
all over Prague but also a lot of questions about why
can not handle boxes
that there was no such there at home
in creating new groups
professional game which can
say supplanted 1 6 world discipline and
it did not fix the shooting to the game
at least a little like that
called customary standards
I don't know how they can stay
calm is no reason to reach out
developers that this problem was
resolved
and who else but they should be
interested in solving this problem
cheats oil turn at once showed his
advantage over the rest of the world
borrowed
finals of scandinavian qualifying electronic sports
world cup mink without any problems smeared
improved and the team of Denmark and one
of the best Scandinavian tv
teams stop
Clearly 16 3 and by 16 8 what cards to say honestly
not even important because the gap in the level
between the Swedes and with the rest of the teams
increasing every day I don’t know
how do swedes train how tune in
matches but play with them at any stage
the world team tournament is simply not
by force
in one channel did not pick up 16 1 5 thousand
Danish company worldwide 16 3 final
olive sports wolves duma
will end without a sensation the Swedes will take away
home next first place
I think for them to win first
world title will be able to at least
many say that suggests
opportunity for any team to say
shine on the world stage like us
see he has
since you need to slack start them and then y
of women
the tournament of five months is ongoing 2011
which is held in portugal tournament
collected essentially all the remaining buzz 1 6
teams and becomes the last major
international tournament in this
discipline
yesterday the team was hit by a sensation
approaches and confirmed
saying alone in the field is not a warrior and lost
match team with mother
our guys and run inter no problems
beat the portuguese
team course eur tournament runs according to scenario
top favorites which alas only
two so far without water
lesions
on the mechmata of the landmine such is predictable
final of all spectators following teams games
today do not miss and since
broadcast is available from the scene
today's game ends another
game tour on wolves exodus project
country championship sights of cities coming
in full swing and the teams try as
then the recipe
jump out of your pants to get the right one
number of rounds and climb up
standings
Odessans Mavrik will play today
against metropolitan guys called
Kiev city of flowers start the game
scheduled for 8:00 pm Kyiv time
true tradition main matches of the first
the tour is covered on live television
TV broadcast Scythian grid will be available
on our channel wolves and sports on youtube
Do not miss Kiev today at 20 00
flowers against Odessa, but it was not
all news today thank you for your attention
bye everyone